Document `ensure_quantity` (#58)
openforcefield/openff-units: README.md

>>> type(converted.m)
<class 'numpy.ndarray'>
```
#### Dealing with multiple unit packages

> You may find yourself needing to deal with `openff.units` and `openmm.unit` at the same time, i.e. preparing OpenMM simulations alongside other OpenFF tools. The above conversions offer one solution, but there is an alternative in the `ensure_quantity` function. It takes two arguments - a quantity object _that can be from either unit solution_ and a string (`"openff"` or `"openmm"`) indicating which unit solution it should convert it to - and it returns a quantity that is ensured to be in that registry. (If the quantity argument is already the requested type, the funciton short-circuits, so it should not generally introduce overhead.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may find yourself needing to normalize a quantity to a particular unit package, while accepting inputs from either `openff.units` or `openmm.unit`. The [`ensure_quantity`] function simplifies this. It takes as arguments a quantity object from either unit solution and a string (`"openff"` or `"openmm"`) indicating the desired unit type, and returns a quantity from that package. If the quantity argument is already the requested type, the function short-circuits, so it should not introduce substantial overhead compared to simply requiring the target quantity type.

[`ensure_quantity`]: https://docs.openforcefield.org/projects/units/en/stable/api/generated/openff.units.ensure_quantity.html
```

Author: Oh, huh, well ... I didn't recall there were API docs 😅
